---
title: Homepage
description: The homepage for my homelab documentation.
published: true
date: 2026-03-18T16:23:35.696Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2026-03-17T21:16:24.494Z
---

# Homelab documentation
## This is what my homelab setup looks like right now

Hi! My name is Minne(/’mɪnə/). I am 13 years old at the time of publishing, and I am into computers and homelabbing. I started homelabbing about a year ago and have made some upgrades along the way.

## Devices
- A Raspberry Pi, I have the Pi 5 4gb.
- Any PC, mine has an i7 2600k and a 1650. I am using 16 Gigs of 1333mhz DDR3


It wil likely fail the first time so i recommend to document your homelab like i did, or just use a private github repo for all of your docker composes, configs, etc.

Also, all my projects are open-source or are going to be open-source so fork my repo, make changes and start homelabbing!
This is just a project/thing i like doing so I don't care if you "Steal my code". No why would I? If I didn't want you using my code, which is primarily generated by AI or taken straight from documentations of services, I wouldn't document my entire homelab for the entire world to see. So please do use "my" code, I would love to see if I can help anybody, especially someone my age who is also into computers and networking.

If you have a problem with anything in these docs, make an issue to the repo. I will try to help you.


## Table of contents
Raspberry pi:
- How to set it up for the first time
- How to set up docker/portainer
- All my portainer stacks (docker compose)

Other server:
- Still WIP but coming soon when everything is working and i have time to make a new Debian 13 installation.